So it's as part of the listening drills. You'd be issued the plan of the
dead, and you'll be in quarters you'll read off the planet today.
Somehow, someway, someone your division will not here. Yeah, and somehow,
some way fat day either Your department head, XO seals will come
on by and ask that person. So what's going on today? Personally
asked. Is your team member who hasn't heard a plan of the day? You'd
be surprised how often that happens or not. People will complain. I
didn't get the word is always so ways to get the word out before smartphones
before tablets. Before I had a simple plan right off. Tell
everyone what they're doing and what's going on. Um, you know, that's
not change even in the smartphone Europe. And as we gets beyond smartphones
beyond, beyond smart from us, someone is still not getting
here. So what do you do yet? You point out correctly. Did you see
the light of day post on? Okay, right behind me. Why today? Right there.
What's going on? But if you haven't as division officer taking
time to post fell plan on the day you have a problem so no, you need
to make sure that it's available. You could point to a place that interested.
It's in the ship's plan of the day file, and here's the U.
R L. But if you can't find that your responsibility now, if you got
it and they continuously, don't read it. But I have a talk with the
body. Also watch. Try to come over the better strategy with first
thing is make sure you have it posted.